### Prerequisites
You will need the following tools:

* Visual Studio 2019 or above
* .Net 4.7
* EF Core 3.0 


### Database
1. Ensure your connection strings in ```Web.config``` point to a local SQL Server instance.
```csharp
<connectionStrings>
		<add name="BookContext" connectionString="Data Source=(LocalServer);Initial Catalog=BookDB;User ID=(userid);Password=(password);Integrated Security=false" providerName="System.Data.SqlClient" />
	</connectionStrings>
```



2. Create the BookDB in your SQL Server. 
3. Run the following command in the Package Manager Console.

```csharp
update-database
```

Then, 20230520065813_InitialCreate migration file will update to your BookDB.


### Structure of Project

Repository include folders for group implementations;
* Data
    * BookContext
* Models
    * Book
* Services
    * BookService
* Controllers
    * BookController
* Migrations
    * Generated by scaffolding from ef.core    
* Pages
    * BookCreate.aspx
    * BookDelete.aspx
    * BookDetail.aspx
    * BookList.aspx
    * BookUpdate.aspx
* Default.aspx
* Site.Master
* Web.config
    
### Data Folder
Includes **Entity Framework Core Context** and tables in this folder. When new entity created, it should add to context and configure in context.
The Infrastructure project depends on Microsoft.**EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer** and EF.Core related nuget packages, you can check nuget packages of Infrastructure layer. If you want to change your data access layer, it can easily be replaced with a lighter-weight ORM like Dapper. 

#### Migrations
EF add-migration classes.

#### Service
EF service implementation. This class responsible to create queries, update queries and etc..

#### Controller
Business logic layer that communicate between service and pages.

#### Model
Includes Entity Framework Core Entities which creates sql table with **Entity Framework Core Code First Aproach**. 
You can see example of **code-first** Entity definition as below;

```csharp
public class Book
    {
       public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Title { get; set; }
        public string Author { get; set; }
        public string Genre { get; set; }
        public int PublicationYear { get; set; }
        public decimal Price { get; set; }
    }
```



### Pages Folder
Development of UI Logic with implementation. Interfaces drives business requirements and implementations in this layer.


### Default.aspx
The default webpage loaded when a client browser requests a web server directory on a Microsoft IIS-based server 

### Site.Master
Master page with a predefined layout that can include static text, HTML elements, and server controls.

### Web.Config
Manage various settings that are concerned with the configuration of the website.


## Technologies
* .NET framework 4.7.2
* Entity Framework Core 3.1.32

